Name: Abhiram Reddy
Journal: J1002
Date: 18-Aug-2022


I receieved assistance from: Srujan Sannidhi

I assisted: no one
1.1:
One of the other services that I use is Google
Another of the services that I use is Valorant

2.1:
I think that the ability to have two different users is important because two different users can exist but also have the same attributes or subdirectories

3.1:
The home directory has its own symbol because it is the main directory/root

4.1:
The prompt changed to show that the user is now in the Merlin directory

5.1:
Whenever I press the up arrow the most recent command entered shows up
5.2:
Whenever I press the down arrow the least recent command entered shows up

6.1:
"Hello, World!" was not printed to the screen as before. This is because the echo command wrote Hello world in the out.txt file

7.1:
The ls command shows all directories directly under the main directory, but the tree command shows all the directories including sub directories in a tree format
7.2:
If you want to see what is in a certain directory use ls, but if you want to see everything in a directory and the sub directories, use tree

8.1:
I think the argument sleep specifies a pause
8.2:
I proved my hypothesis because when I entered the sleep command, I was unable to do anything except to cancel the command

9.1:
This command runs in the background when you use the "&" symbl
9.2:
To run a job in the background means to run the job without user interference while running the rest of the program
9.3:
The number displayed in the bracket specfies the order of the processes

10.1:
When I execute the jobs command, it shows me the procceses that are currently running or the procceses which are done
10.2:
The command shows the processes in order of usage and whether or not they have been completed

What did I learn? What is the "big idea"?
I learned about client-server models and how and where they are used in the real world. I also learned about what a shell is. I learned what directories are and about the hierarchy of directories. I also learned a few commands that deal with direct    ories, files, and jobs.

What challenges did I encounter?
Some challenges I encountered was rememebering the commands and how they each work and also implementing them

How could this experience be improved?
If there was a video to follow along and explain how to use the commands

Free Reflection: How has what I've learned affected my thinking?
I became more knowledgeable about linux commands and I learned how directories are designed and now whenever I need to do something with a directory I have the necessary commands to do so
